human,Human
engineer,Human Engineer
medic,Human Medic
soldier,Human Soldier
engi,Engi
seperatist,Engi Separatist
defend,Engi Defender
energy,Zoltan
bomber,Duskbringer Devotee
monk,Zoltan Monk
peace,Zoltan Peacekeeper
orchid,Orchid
chieftain,Orchid Chieftain
mantis,Mantis
suzerain,Mantis Suzerain
bishop,Mantis Bishop
slug,Slug
sabo,Slug Saboteur
snail,Slug Clansman
rock,Rock
outcast,Rock Outcast
commando,Rock Commando
cultist,Ember Cultist
crusader,Rock Crusader
crystal,Crystal
sentinel,Crystalline Sentinel
anaerobic,Lanius
welder,Lanius Welder
ghosty,Ghost
phantom,Ghost Phantom
shell,Shell
toxic,Shell Radiant
hatch,Hatchling
spider,Spider
weaver,Weaver
queen,Spider Queen
ancient,Ancient
royal,Ancient Royal
tully,Tully
detective,Detective
turzil,Turzil
symbiote,Symbiote
ruwen,Ruwen
lord,Grand Priest Lord Vortigon
traveler,Traveler
deep_one,Deep One
shadow_deep_one,Shadow Deep One
star_one,Star Child
moonbeast,Moon-Beast
oornbeast,Oorn-Beast
shadow_moonbeast,Shadow Moon-Beast
shadow_human,Shadow Human
daoloth,Daoloth Engi
shadow_engi,Shadow Engi
shuma,Shuma-Zoltan
shadow_zoltan,Shadow Zoltan
shadow_orchid,Shadow Orchid
slantis,Slantis
shadow_mantis,Shadow Mantis
glaakian,Gla'akian Slug
shadow_slug,Shadow Slug
mhar,Mhar Rockman
shadow_rock,Shadow Rock
qythaz,Q'yth-Az Crystal
shadow_crystal,Shadow Crystal
shadow_lanius,Shadow Lanius
shadow_ghosty,Shadow Ghost
shadow_shell,Shadow Shell
shadow_spider,Shadow Spider
migo,Mi-Go
shadow_migo,Shadow Mi-Go
shubgo,Scrag
zombie,Zombie
zombie_ghoul,Ghoul
zombie_slasher,Slasher
zombie_wheezer,Wheezer
zombie_regenerator,Regenerator
zombie_burning,Burning Zombie
ghost,Vanilla Ghost(Don't use)